so finally we have some more news on
powerbook 2 ghost and it's a teaser to
go with the news as well but public 2
ghost is coming back with season 2 on
november the 21st so that's the day that
we need to lock into our diaries and it
really isn't that far away especially
because we have raised in canaan and bmf
to watch before so it really will come
around quickly but let's get straight
into this teaser and it was a very short
teaser with a couple of extra scenes
from season 2 which we've not seen yet
but we see kane and tariq looking at
each other and this is an image that
we've seen before and these two seem
like they're going to be working
together a lot more in season two and i
really can't wait to see how the
relationship develops because kane could
do it somewhere like tariq if kane is
someone who is able to keep his emotions
in check and be a bit more wiser with
the moves that he makes then he really
would be more dangerous than he already
is i feel these two can really
complement each other and they'd really
work well together and then you add into
the mix braden and fe as well it really
would be one hell of a team and we know
that kane has taken a liking to braden
already in season one episode six after
he saw what he could do so i really hope
we see a lot more of braden and kane as
well but we see an image of terry going
into class he tells us that you got to
play the hands that you're dealt with
you got to deal with the consequences
and this season is going to be heavily
focused on ethics and an ethical dilemma
that tariq is going to face in his life
from what's right and from what's wrong
does the end justify the means it's
going to be a question that tariq is
going to be asking himself all season
long we then cut to the streets an area
which is locked off by the nypd so some
things happen and this isn't the jabari
incident because you can see the snow
and it's real icy but this is what we've
been saying about power book two goal
season two we really are gonna get back
to the grittiness and the old power
vibes it's gonna be a lot more street a
lot more dark and i'm sure we're gonna
see a lot more violence and death next
season and the next scene proves it as
well the scene that we saw in the
previous teaser that they gave us we saw
kane having a fight with someone which
is who he has tied up in this chair with
him drawing his knife in the background
we have mecca that's the new connect
from what we know from his character
description but kane doesn't seem like
he's playing games in this scene and
he's about to carve this boy up right in
front of mecca or on the orders of mecca
himself and this is probably someone
random i don't think it's a huge
character that they'd be killing but
let's wait and see who this is and why
kane is gonna kill him but then there's
a quick flash of images of monet davis
maclean and diana and thus the teaser in
a nutshell and i really hope monet can
step up this season especially watching
raising kanan and how dominant rak is
and how she's portrayed herself to be i
really hope mone can step up and show
that she can do the same but pablo two
ghosts are not gonna be playing games
come season two they're about to level
up in all sorts of aspects and i'm
looking forward to a lot more of the
streets returning especially with
crystal ball and roberto and this
relationship between kane mecca and what
maker's plan is for the tardis because
from his character description it does
tell us that he has a plan for the
tardis beyond the family business so
it's going to be interesting to see what
he has planned for the likes of kane
monet drew and diana but this teaser was
very short and they didn't give us
anything else but i'm glad we finally
got a date because we knew it was going
to be november but now we know it's
november 21st and i'm excited for power
book 2 ghost so drop all your thoughts
and comments down below in the comments
section and if you haven't seen the
small teaser then i'm going to link that
down below for you guys as well but drop
all your thoughts and comments down
below in the comment section and of
course if you're new to the channel and
you haven't done so already then
remember to smash the subscribe button
if you don't see everything power book 2
empower universe related but as always
thank you guys for watching and i'll see
you
next time